i'm david bennett hill I'm 27 years old
and I'm a student I went to college like
most kids 18 right out of high school I
lasted for about three weeks and started
playing poker full time pretty much
immediately I've been playing for about
two years previous to that and I was
really good opportunity to take a shot
try to post a hooker and kind of see
where it went I went pretty well i
played like hundred hours old to the
first nine months but also didn't really
have much of a life at that point so i
went back to school more for the social
aspect like an eternity to try to have a
good time but kind of realized i wasn't
going to classes again and like all
right well I guess I'll be I'll do this
poker thing I'm not really ready for
formal education at this point so I got
back into poker played for I guess about
five more years and you know then went
back to school again I went to a small
liberal arts school called st. John's
College in Santa Fe New Mexico I studied
classical philosophy translated ancient
Greek
just run along play two things like that
exciting stuff and then I went I
transferred to columbia to study
economics I realized it didn't like that
so much and picked up chinese started
studying chinese and political science
and been doing that for the last year or
so took the last year off to play poker
and learn more chinese I spend most of
my time
playing some cash games trying to study
a little bit and I was playing here back
this fall but depending on how things
work out here I may take another
semester on I see from the very
beginning I mean I was always pretty
competitive I started playing with my
friends Bueller 16 and I realized that a
couple people were making better
decisions than i was making like they
were folding more hands or they were
like betting more larger amounts in
certain spots and I was kind of like
well why are they doing that like well I
was trying to process what was going on
in their heads and so I picked up a
bunch of poker books started studying
everything I could about the game just
joined two plus two started posting on
the forums daily and there's every day
trying to get better at the game and I
started out playing sit and gos online
which is a pretty simple form of Poker
you learn basic like push fold like when
to go all in when to fold how to manage
a stack size and so that was kind of
like what I went in to cash games with
and I started playing like three dollars
six dollar no one that hold them maybe
in 2005 the games were pretty soft back
then so I don't think he had to be a
particularly great player to be
successful and I did I did fairly well
and kind of progress up the ranks pretty
quickly
and just kind of like stayed slightly
ahead the whole way I guess I started
playing pot limit Omaha a couple years
after that I thought it was really
interesting game I saw my my roommate
Tom Dwan playing quite a bit like that
that looks like fun i won't play that
too and just kind of i actually ran
really well there i'd never played much
PLO at that point and I saw the 200 400
games going on full tilt with like gus
hansen and Sigmund and Tom was playing a
bunch of really aggressive players just
like Ray's rear eizan a lot and I was
like oh well I can you know by in with a
short stack and just kind of go all in
when I have a good hands and that worked
out pretty well and that was kind of
like my foundation of PLO I started
working on that game a lot and kind of
played that primarily for the last four
years I mean I am I was 27 of 27 with
three tables left on 9 of 9 with one
table left I've been pretty much playing
a short stack for the last three or four
days I mean I feel pretty comfortable
there i don't i think i play a little
bit differently than some other
tournament players who would just
basically play all inner fold style i
like to defend my big blind a lot i like
see flops like what turns try to make
better decisions on later streets and
other players would who aren't
necessarily used to seeing turn two
rivers because they're used to playing
more all inner folds strategy so i mean
i think that if i if i can accumulate
some chips have
good shot but I mean right now I have 13
pounds of big ones so I'm just I'm
really going to need to get lucky i'm
going to need to get my money and good
and then we'll hope to hold maybe put
some chips together and good things
happen
I mean I think it's every players dream
when I was when I was 16 or 17 I watched
moneymaker won the World Series and like
all my friends were like oh it's like
the coolest thing I was like that's the
coolest thing you know something we all
wanted we all wanted to do we all wanted
to be there and just kind of none of us
imagined it whatever happen yeah I feel
I feel super lucky to be in the
spotlight said I really didn't think I
had I mean even even the best player of
your 10 times better than the rest of
the field it's still statistically very
unlikely you can make the final table
and so I just I really want to take
advantage the opportunity to try to play
well and get myself a shot